I'm going to start by making the batter
here I'm going to add in my flour I will
put the full ingredients down below
because I'm the only doing half a recipe
here at in my cornmeal my sugar salt and
baking soda and I'm just going to take a
whisk here and whisk this together
just kind of make sure that the dry
ingredients are work braided together
now to this I'm going to add in my milk
as well as a egg excuse the yarn I'm
just going to whisk this together until
it comes together and now that this is
mixed together and smooth I'm going to
set this off to the side and start
working on the hot dogs for the hot dogs
I've just got plain old regular hot dogs
here you can use all beef if you'd like
these just happen to be cheap ones
because they were on sale anyway I'm
going to cut these into thirds just like
so and I'm going to put these into a
bowl here that just has some flour in it
I'm just going to coat these with the
flour so that way the batter sticks
better to them alright so I went ahead
and shook off all the excess flour on my
hot dogs and what I'm going to do is
take these and I have my oil heated to
350 degrees over medium heat in a
saucepan and I'm just watching that all
I'm going to do is do these in small
batches since I'm using a small pan here
to fry these in I'm just going to put
these into the batter and cover these
make sure that they get completely
coated in your batter and just go ahead
and fish them out one by one and
carefully lower them into the oil and
these don't take very long at all to fry
up maybe just a few minutes they will
automatically turn themselves when they
are done
and while these are cooking you want to
make sure monitor the temperature of
your oil so it doesn't get too hot
you'll need to adjust your burner heat
either up or down to make sure that it
stays right around 350 degrees and when
there are nice golden brown go ahead and
carefully lift them out and put them
onto a paper towel-lined plate or a wire
rack if that's what you have and then go
ahead and finish frying up the rest of
your dogs and once you get all your corn
dogs fried up this is what they will
look like hope you guys enjoy and thanks
so much for watching
you